we are now 130 days into the Trump
administration so far it's been smooth
sailing is not a bump but of course
adults are biased and partisan and all
those things that make it difficult to
work together but children aren't the
children are honest so I asked kids the
future voters of America to give me
their takes on the state of our
president and our union and this is what
they had to say you know who the
president is yeah who is it ha ha ha how
do you think he's doing
I think he's doing that you do you're
happy with the job he's done so far what
what does the president even do he
watches over our country and people
touch the people any-any make sure
nobody breaks a lot right but it turns
out a lot of people are breaking the
laws you know in fact somebody peed on
these steps a little earlier did you
know that yeah and yet President Trump
where is he he does nothing about it
he's in the White House I know but don't
you think he should be here protecting
our steps from people peeing on them
yeah I did too luckily or a yellow dress
Donald Trump realizes he is the
president of the United States how do
you think he's doing so far
oh I think he's pretty good you do yeah
what do you like about what he's been
doing
I like that you build a wall because
Mexico
parts of Syria United States and a copy
reunited a yeah do you think this is a
looming threat of Mexico trying to
attack the United States no I don't
think you have to worry about the
Mexicans attacking us you know I mean
you know as a kid you got other things
to worry about like sleepovers
killer bees our kids still worry about
killer bees oh you should be those are
going to get you to be focused on O&G
killer bees are real
oh yeah read about it trust me on this
one you'll be lucky to hit ten years old
I don't think president Trump is doing
so far not really when no well Michael
told me that Donald Trump isn't against
um another safe which state I can't is
is Nebraska Nebraska no I mean a lot of
people are happy that he's bombing
Nebraska do you think it's a good idea
go that'll bomb I think they're going to
be okay though
I really do I mean once the football
season starts they're usually pretty
solid but you can give the president any
advice what advice would you give them
like walk around a little bit and see
what's going on in defense base that's
good advice but which state like
California who's yours the Brad
Nebraska Montana Nebraska had a pretty
heart should we say a prayer for our
friends in Nebraska sure dear lord
please watch over our friends in Omaha
and I can't think of any other city to
Nebraska's please doctors with all of
them and keep them safe from harm
amen amen
DC Donald Trump is making America great
again yeah you do what sorts of things
is he changing like we're going into war
you like that no oh you know the vice
president is Mike Pence what do you
think of him when I don't look exactly
you cannot support the role before he
was right and then he switched to the
supporting the wall when he was elected
by prisoners did you know Mike Pence
likes to dress as a woman when he's at
home
first betting around what do you think
about what's going on in Raqqa with
Russia right now Russia I heard some bad
things about Russia we had a cold war
with rockery yeah yeah you know what a
cold war is no it's a war in the snow
like remember in Star Wars when they had
the snow troopers yeah it's kind of like
that yeah I love Star Wars what do you
like about Donald Trump thousand tonight
you think he's nice and do you think
he's nice hi kind of yeah who's your
favorite celebrity do you think Michael
Jackson would be a better president that
Donald Trump you do yeah eating Michael
Jackson would ever consider running for
president No why not because he'd
already a famous person there's another
big reason why he probably will
[Applause]
because he has passed away yeah yeah
yeah you were great but overall you have
a positive feeling about the country you
think the president is making America
great again I think about has always
been great thanks for watching if you
like that subscribe to our youtube
channel for all the latest videos and it
did it subscribe anyway it's free who
cares